SOURCE: https://www.yelp.com/biz/campus-coffee-cart-san-marcos

Campus Coffee Cart - Yelp Reviews
Location: 333 S Twin Oaks Valley Rd, San Marcos, CA (on CSUSM campus)
Rating: [Located near academic hall and one of the science halls.]

REVIEW 1:
[It's a cute coffee cart. Located near academic hall and one of the science halls. They are all friendly and speedy but if you don't get there fast enough they run out quick. My only negative is that they are near the circle on the ground that if you step on you'll graduate in 6 years instead of the expected 4 years. So if there is a long line make sure to avoid that circle at all cost]

REVIEW 2:
[Family owned business, the workers are so friendly and warm. I love their drinks and buy a hot/iced chai everytime I am on campus for classes. They have the BEST CHAI EVER! I also like to get their coffee on occasion (not a huge coffee drinker). I will never go to Starbucks again, this place is amazing & conveniently located across Academic Hall. When I am no longer attending CSUSM I would probably still find a way to come here just for the chai.]

REVIEW 3:
[I love love love this coffee place! I feel it's the best one on campus. They just know how to make a drink right every single time! Consistency is key with me and they always deliver! I have several favorites but my go to favorite is the Mexican Mocha with soy; it is absolutely delicious! I love the staff because they are always friendly and even remember what your favorite drink is, except I tend to switch it up on them occasionally! Even though we have a Starbucks on campus, I will go out of my way to come see these guys because I know I'll get my drink right ever time!]

[Every Tuesday and Thursday they had me buying a Mexican mocha!! It was simply delicious!! Definitely better than your average mocha!!
The staff was great!! Very friendly and personable. So down to earth and good recommendations!! Tried their Nutella Danish thing, oh my gawd! Delish!!!! :)
Also, help support the small business campus coffee cart! It's better than feeding the pockets of corporations like Starbucks!]

[Love love love this cart! When I first started attending CSUSM, almost every person I asked said this place had the best coffee in the area, and they were right! They offer so much more than coffee. They've got various pastries, yogurt, energy bars, bottled juices, even chocolate bars (which they keep refrigerated). I now get my coffee here every morning before class. The service is always quick and friendly. One time, I ordered a chai latte, and I guess there was extra so they poured it into a little cup and let me keep that too! Really cool.]

[If you love Chai Lattes than come to campus coffee cart. Their Chai is amazing and the price is great. They also have a ton of other drinks and smoothies. The best coffee on campus and it's a local small business so you are making a difference! I love their cranberry muffin. It's out of this world delicious. They have a variety of sandwiches, which are great too. The owners are always friendly. No need to wait hours for your drink either. Give this place a try and I promise you will be coming back every day.]