SOURCE: https://www.yelp.com/biz/california-state-university-san-marcos-san-marcos
TITLE: Dinning on Campus
[We’re glad you are here and hope you will enjoy the many different dining options on campus. From Campus Way Cafe, our resident dining facility, to our Dining Pavilion at the University Union, there is something fresh to fit every palate and lifestyle. We have a strong team here at CSU San Marcos and are constantly looking to improve so we can continue to provide you with a world-class dining experience, value, innovation and above all, delicious, healthy food.]
TITLE: Student Meals Plan
[We offer per semester Meal Plans that range from eating all meals, everyday on campus to a small group of pre-paid meals for use when needed. Meal Plans offer pre-paid meals at a discount, each Meal Plan also includes Dining Dollars.]
TITLE: Dinning locations[You are sure to find something to satify your hunger at CSUSM. From craft coffee, to fresh sushi we have something for everyone.]
[Starbucks and Crash's Market Open During the Summer. 8AM - 2PM
This weeks Hot Food menu at Crash's Market (6/1 - 6/5):
 -Monday: Loaded Baked Potatoes (Butter, Mixed Cheeses, Sour Cream, Optional Bacon, Green Onions. Allergens: Milk, Soy, Wheat/Gluten)
 -Tuesday: Caesar Chicken Wrap (Flour Tortilla, Romaine Lettuce, Chicken, Parmesan Cheese, Caesar Dressing. Allergens: Wheat/Gluten, Milk, Egg/Soybean/Fish (anchovies)
 -Wednesday: Beef Enchilada (Beef, Corn Tortilla, Cheese, Green Sauce. Allergens: Milk)
 -Thursday: Wings (Buffalo Sauce or Honey Garlic. Allergens: Soy, Wheat/Gluten)
 -Friday: Pizza (Pepperoni or Veggie. Allergens: Wheat/Gluten, Milk)]
 [Hilltop Grille
Our premium grill offers a variety of choices from healthy to indulgent, familiar to intriguing. Hilltop Grille offers a selection of breakfast items in the morning and burger/sandwich options, ranging from beef to chicken, turkey and vegetarian during the afternoon. Sides includes traditional fries or tater tots. ]
[QDOBA
Looking for a quick and delicious meal at your university's food court? Look no further than our Mexican place! With customizable options like burritos, tacos, and nachos made with fresh ingredients, you're sure to find a dish that satisfies your cravings. Come see us for a flavorful and filling meal between classes!]
[Crash's Market
SUSHI, SUSHI, SUSHI!!! Now serving Kikka Sushi, fresh made daily! This convenience-market offers snacks, sundries, and grab 'n go foods! There are to-go frozen entrees, salads, soup, ice cream, candies and more! A microwave is available to heat up your purchases.]
[Panda Express
CHINESE INSPIRED - AMERICAN MADE
Panda Express masterfully combines the tastiest food from both worlds to give a delicious experience. See what we’re wokking up next. From world famous Orange Chicken to our health-minded Wok Smart™ selections, you'll enjoy bold flavors and fresh ingredients.  Freshly prepared. Every day.]
[Starbucks
In 1971, the journey began along the cobblestone streets of Seattle’s historic Pike Place Market. It was here where Starbucks opened its first store, offering fresh-roasted coffee beans, tea and spices from around the world for our customers to take home. Our Mission: to inspire and nurture the human spirit – one person, one cup, and one neighborhood at a time.]