SOURCE:https://www.yelp.com/search?cflt=restaurants&find_near=california-state-university-san-marcos-san-marcos
TITLE: ExtraMile
San Marcos 
Open all day
1.1 Miles
[Fuel your journey with a pub burger, chicken sandwich, hot dog, freshly ground coffee, snack or energy drink. Stop by ExtraMile today]
[Fred B. said"The food is great and this makes my life so much easier! I am actually saving money because I'm not going to Costco every week or two and buying things I dont need."read more
in Health Markets, Food Delivery Services]
Cherry Blossom
[Cherry Blossom just opened. If you come soon, you will get a free beverage. M If you came to this area before. There was a Poke place here previously]
[Hello! everything there was so yummy the tacos were my favorite and the agua fresca was so refreshing and cool!, the tables are always clean and my friend got a huge burrito with everything it was the best even if I only got one]
TITLE: Buona Forchetta
[Food was great, but we kind of got forgotten for drinks and orders, also it seems they forgot that it was my gfs bday. Didn't make a fuss, mistakes happen but mood is everything]
[Hello Damon, thank you for taking the time to let us know how we did. I am happy to hear that the food was great and disheartened to hear about you feeling forgotten and that your GF did not have the best Bday experience. I invite you to give us another try and ask for me, Dario, and I'll make sure that your GF has a dessert to make up for this as well as ensure your experience is the abosolute best, from the food to the service. Thank you.]
[Amazing service! Not only was the food amazing, the manager Dario really helped us with our daughters birthday celebration and made sure everything was smooth. Extra points for their amazing gluten free options.]
[This location is located in the North City District. It's located in an area that includes dining, residential spaces, and shopping. Almost like an all in one little city. There's a parking garage that's basically a five minute walk away and validate your parking for the first two hours for free so that is cool!
We had reservations, and were quickly accommodated upon arrival. The host was extremely friendly and the environment had a feel good energy vibe. It was a beautiful day to eat on the patio. Everyone was having a great time except for one crying baby lol. But that happens!
The food was absolutely delicious, but let me start with that lemon drop martini. Wow! Super delicious. I could've probably drank a dozen of them. The focaccia was cooked perfectly. I thought the Montanara we're going to be like little pizza dough bites that you dip in sauce, but they're actually three giant pizza bites with different sauces and toppings! Very surprising to see, but pleasantly surprised. They were delicious! A nice crispy crust on the outside and a soft fluffy inside.
But the star of the show for me, was the pappardelle with the Buona Forchetta (V) SAUCE!!!! Cream, egg yolk, parmigano, spicy marinara,black pepper... and I added crumbled Italian sausage for the win. The vibes were on point, the food was amazing, the drinks were delicious, everything was a win. I would definitely recommend this Italian place to just about anybody. I'm hoping all the other locations are just as good!]